hello, Everyone, let's code this problem.
And for the sake of simplicity, what we'll do is we'll take one extra base case, which is F(2)
and what is F(2), F(2) means 2X2 board
And I want to fill them by using these tiles.
And we all know what the.
Answer for this.
It is 2 right, either place 2 horizontally or 2 vertically.
I cannot use an L-shaped to completely fill a 2X2
And what is g(2), g(2) is nothing.
But now it can easily be derived from this right?
Which is g(2) is equal to
g(1) + f(1) and which is equal to one plus one.
Two.
so g(2) is also
Equal to two
And now let's code this and find the values.
cool.
so just
Let me erase this.
And.
so here, what we do is we take a value of n and lets say n is 10.
Right Now.
It's from zero to n.
Before that, let's have a f array with n+1, g+1.
so, f(0) is 0 and g(0) is also 0
g(1) is 1 and f(1) is also 1
Okay.
equals to g(0) =
0 right similarly will have g(1) = f(1) = 1 and similarly will have a f(2).
= g(2) = 2
We have already seen this right.
Now let's start the loop from three then and let's fill it.
So we don't need this case for f(0) right.
We won't be actually using it because I'm starting from three and the previous dependencies for any
n is at most n minus two and it's not n minus three.
It is at most n minus two.
So yeah.
So let's fill this, f(i) = f(i-1).
+ f(i-2)
+ two into
g(i-2)
This is the first equation.
And the second equation was to fill the g value
so what was g value, it is nothing but g(i) =  g(i-1) + f(i-1)
We have seen this.
So f will be calculated and g will be calculated.
And then and in all the iterations will be using previous f's and previous g's.
I hope this is clear.
And finally, let's print f(n) because in the end, we want to find out f(n) only.
So the number of ways in which I can tile I can tile area 2Xn which is 2X10 by using
an L-shaped tile and 1 2X1 tile is 1255
I hope this problem is clear to you because it's a.
Follow up problem of the tiling problem.
What I've always wanted to discuss this because it's an interesting problem.
right it shows you that dynamic programming might also involve two states, right 2 different states, which
might be independent on each other.
So this was the code.
And see you Everyone in the next part.
Thank you.